feat: improved getting-started section (#732)
ansys/pyansys-geometry: doc/source/getting_started/index.rst

.. _ref_getting_started:

Getting started
###############

PyAnsys Geometry is a Python client library for the Ansys Geometry service.

This client library works with a Geometry service backend. There are several ways of
running this backend, although the preferred and high-performance mode is using Docker

> containers. Please select the option that suits your needs best from the ones below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
containers. Select the option that suits your needs best.
```

.. grid:: 1

   .. grid-item-card:: Docker containers
            :link: docker/index
            :link-type: doc
            :margin: 2 2 0 0

>             Launch the Geometry Service as a Docker Container,
>             and connect to it from PyAnsys Geometry

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            Launch the Geometry service as a Docker container
            and connect to it from PyAnsys Geometry.
```
Period should be here as the description is a complete sentence.

   .. grid-item-card:: Local service
            :link: local/index
            :link-type: doc
            :margin: 2 2 0 0

>             Launch the Geometry Service locally on your machine,
>             and connect to it from PyAnsys Geometry

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            Launch the Geometry service locally on your machine
            and connect to it from PyAnsys Geometry.
```

   .. grid-item-card:: Remote service
            :link: remote/index
            :link-type: doc
            :margin: 2 2 0 0

>             Launch the Geometry Service on a remote machine, and
>             connect to it using PIM

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            Launch the Geometry service on a remote machine and
            connect to it using PIM (Product Instance Manager).
```
PIM seems to need defined here--unless it hasn't yet been defined in this file.

   .. grid-item-card:: Connect to an existing service
            :link: existing/index
            :link-type: doc
            :margin: 2 2 0 0

>             Connect to an existing Geometry Service locally or remotely

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            Connect to an existing Geometry service locally or remotely.
```

In case you want to support the development of PyAnsys Geometry, install the repository

> in development mode. You can follow the instructions in the
> :ref:`Package installation in development mode <ref_dev_mode>`
> section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
in development mode. For more information, see
:ref:`Package installation in development mode <ref_dev_mode>`.
```
No need to follow the reference with section. See here how having a title that is a simple verb would help: "Install Package in development mode" is a better title.
